#snip{it}

My project 1 for WDI at General Assembly.

This site allows users to browse images of site components and Codepen 'pens' submitted by other users.
Users can submit their own work and add the work of others to their library, keeping everything in one
place.

To get this up and running, simply visit the following URL and make an account:
(https://snipit-app.herokuapp.com/).

##Usage:

Once you've made an account you can browse the images or pens by choosing an icon from the left of the navbar.
You can leave comments on pens and add both pens and images to your library.

To view your library, simply click on your username on the right of the navbar and choose 'My Library' from the
dropdown menu. Here you will be able to see all of the posts you've made and the ones you've favourited. Comments
are disabled in the library view of the post so that all you keep in your library is the code itself and a
brief description of what it does.

To submit your own pen, choose 'Add Snippet' from the dropdown menu and paste in a URL from Codepen.io.
To submit an image, choose 'Add Image' from the dropdown menu and either paste in an image URL or upload an image
from your computer. Both of these can be edited or deleted from your library, so long as you were the user who posted the content.

You can also view and edit your profile page by choosing 'My Profile' from the dropdown menu and adding an image
URL or updating your bio. Your profile is public and other users will be able to see the contributions you have
made to the site.

The admin of the site has the power to delete any user, post, comment or image.

Special thanks to Joel Turnbull and Daniel Tsui for all of their help on this project.